[#992][#1025] Custom Google Play publishing (#1035)
zcash/secant-android-wallet: docs/Deployment.md

## Automated Deployment
Automated deployment to Google Play configured with the [Gradle Play Publisher plugin](https://github.com/Triple-T/gradle-play-publisher).
To perform a deployment:
1. Configure a Google Cloud service account and API key with the correct permissions
1. Configure Gradle properties

>     1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` - Set the Google Play Service Account enabled in the Google Cloud console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` - Enable the Google Play Service Account in the Google Cloud console
```

Author: This is correct wording, as we want user to set the Google Play Service Account enabled in the Google Cloud console to this gradle field.

    1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_KEY_FILE_PATH` - Set to the path of the service key in JSON format
    1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_DEPLOY_TRACK` - Set to `internal`
    1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_DEPLOY_STATUS` - Set to `completed`
1. Run the Gradle task `./gradlew :app:publishBundle`

To generate a build with a correct version that can be deployed manually later:
1. Configure a Google Cloud service account and API key with the correct permissions
1. Configure Gradle properties

>     1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` - Set the Google Play Service Account enabled in the Google Cloud console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `ZCASH_GOOGLE_PLAY_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` - Set to the Google Play Service Account that is enabled in the Google Cloud console
```
